Most Awesome Dream Ever

Author: Kelsie

*000*2025-10-04 16:11

Hii...

Last night I dreamt that I was in some rural rest stop type area that was just off of Interstate 95 (which I live nowhere near presently). Specifically, I was in the large basement that was sort of like a grocery store. It had plenty of bathrooms, like at least 10, plus a literal toilet sitting out in public view. You'd think that in that situation no one would have any problem with being able to pee.

Well, for whatever reason, I was not able to get into any of them. And I really needed to pee. Meanwhile, people (both women and men) would ask me constantly where the nearest bathroom was, and I'd tell them and watch them stroll in while feeling my full bladder and not being able to get in myself. 🫠

After much squirming and bending over, I got approached by a man who asked me an unexpected question: "I don't need to pee. I need to cum. Where do I go for that?" And I somehow told him that there were "seperate bathrooms" for doing that. Then I pointed and somehow there were *two* men's bathrooms for every women's bathroom in every corner - one for peeing, one for cumming. And none of them could I get into 🙂. Then he asked "do women not cum?", referring to that women didn't have two types of bathrooms. With my hand holding my pussy, I answered "that's not how it works." 😉

(I did not realize the significance of this until later - he was getting turned on by my not being able to go 🥰)

Though I was actually in bliss with my situation, I decided to try the toilet that was in public view for some reason. Walking over, I noticed that it was disgusting. So I tried layering multiple sheets of toilet paper all over, until it was covered by a mountain. Then I tried sitting down reluctantly, but some mysterious force still prevented me from going...

That was when I woke up in bed with my full bladder becoming reality. It took me a whole 15 minutes to even transition from my dream state to the real world - I guess it didn't help that my situations had the most major thing in common! Normally this would be when I would get out of bed to pee, for fear of ruining the rest of my sleep. But, I was still so turned on and what I was holding onto felt so good, and once I had processed that I had just cognitively experienced my ultimate fantasy, I wanted to let go even less. I also didn't think my bladder was an emergency, so I decided to try to fall asleep on it. However, realizing this was futile in the past, I eventually got up and went after a good while of enjoying my full bladder. By then, the sensations of needing to go had somehow died down - but I still knew I needed to release so I could have a restful sleep.

I think this could quite possibly be one of the best dreams of my life. Not to say I've never had holding dreams before - I've had some where I purposely held to get to a private location, and then continued enjoying my hold. But this hold being of a more unintentional nature made it infinitely more exciting. And it seemed to last longer than my previous holding dreams. I've also had sexy dreams where I've kissed people that I didn't even know I was attracted to, but for whatever reason I've never been desperate during those. I think where I'd hope to go from here is to have a sex dream that involves me holding 🙂Like maybe instead of random older men getting off to me desperate, it's one of my crushes hehe

*002*2025-10-04 19:21

{{14 minutes ago, rebeljaffa said:

I'm a random older man, so ouch, ha ha!

}}

Haha nah i know you so you dont count. i meant like strangers

*004*2025-10-04 21:53

{{2 hours ago, AlwaysLeaking said:

I'm a random older man and a a stranger. So... Ouch? Lol.

}}

Nah anyone on this forum is welcome to get off to me 🙂 and actually I don't mean it was a bad thing that a stranger was getting turned on, I honestly enjoy anyone getting off to me. However it would be even better if it was someone I had a crush on hehe

*010*2025-10-07 00:21

{{1 hour ago, Ant7 said:

Great dream. Do you have another dream like this?

}}

Damn reading your translation is teaching me a lot of Italian (or the Tuscan variety at least).

And yeah I've had holding dreams before, like one where I deliberately held my pee until I got to my intended destination (a bathroom stall), only to continue enjoying my hold there because I had privacy. However none of them have given me back-to-back denials while watching other people get to pee while i don't 🙂 that's like my ultimate fantasy, every couple of seconds

*012*2025-10-07 15:31

{{12 hours ago, ilikeadultvids said:

Just out of curiosity, have you ever had a dream where you were getting a little bit desperate and then found a place where you could pee and began, but no matter how much you peed and peed, you always felt desperate (because you are still holding in your sleep so yeah, you wouldn't actually get any relief).

}}

No tbh haha i dont think ive ever had a dream where ive peed

