Spurting on my dress

Author: Kate_Urine

*000*2025-11-25 05:35

Hello 👋 everyone, my name is Kate and I'm new here, so this is my first story

This story it's placed 7 months ago, on April 2025.

It starts with me hurried up because I had to be ready to go out with my boyfriend.

I had to be bathed, cleaned, dressed up and with my make up on.

He picked me up at 4 pm and by the time I really had to pee because at the time of getting ready I was drinking soda cans on propose to fill my bladder, now I was maybe an 7/10.

I had to say first that my boyfriend is agreed with my Omorashi Fetish and although he doesn't like to hold his pee on propose or to have his bladder controlled by someone, on a few words he doesn't like to practice the fetish but enjoys seeing me desperate fighting to hold my urine.

I was dressed with a tight short dress, it was a dress that was all tighten around my body and it reached up like 10 centimeters above my knees, it was color blue with a different kind of flowers print, a very very flowered print.

I also was wearing some Converse tennis and on my underwear I only were using a bra, only a bra with no panties below.

First he took me to the cinema to watch a movie, I didn't know where he was going to take me because If I had knew he was going to take me to watch a movie I would've drunk less soda cause as many of you knows you get always desperate on the cinemas although you drink or not, I don't know if it is like that because of the cold air inside of the cinema room or I don't know but it is safe that you will have to go because you will have to go.

The case is that I went to the cinema with my boyfriend and we saw a movie, as I were already holding a full bladder I didn't want a soda on the cinema for me and that's where my boyfriend realized "I was holding".

While we were watching the movie I couldn't avoid to squirming and while we were kissing each other in middle of the darkness of the cinema room my boyfriend touched my penis across the fabric of my dress saying "it wants to pee, right?" Or "poor of it, it must hurt" and things like that.

I must confess that It was very very hard to not let it go in all the movie duration.

When the movie ended I was on my limit, a truly 10/10, by now I was entirely sweating and all my body was shaking for the effort, my penis was really sore, I could feel all the pressure of my full bladder hitting against my penis, how all the urine accumulated in all my bladder and all my long urethra was hitting back to the base of my penis trying to break the "closed door" to just come out.

It was impossible for me not to be squirming and making a visible pee dance, dancing on over my legs and bouncing around and although I tried it was impossible for me to do it without being pinching desperately the tip of my cock across the fabric of my dress.

Fastly I asked my boyfriend to get away from the cinema and from the mall where the cinema was inside of it because I didn't want to "lose it" right there.

My boyfriend was massaging my full bladder bulge on my low belly trying to be carefully and not putting pressure on me.

He also grabbed my dick also across the fabric of my dress also caressing it on a gently way

But I happen although "I was tightening" and avoiding with all my physical and my will strength to release it I just started to spurt.

As soon as we get away from the mall my resistance broke up and I started to spurt like crazy inside of my dress.

You could visible see the spurts hitting the fabric of my tight dress but my boyfriend encouraged me to not lose it, to not release it and although I tighten every muscle of my entire body even clenching my teeth and my fingers and also my toes I just couldn't stop the spurts and were every time more strong and more long.

I asked permission to my boyfriend to release it and let it go but he told me to not lose it and also he forbade me to not grab or touch in any way my penis to try to stop the urine I had avoid the urine from coming out without using my hands on any way but after around 1 and a half minute of being spurting I just couldn't control my sphincter any more and it suddenly just opened up letting all the pee to come out.

I lasted around 1:30 minutes spurting, the first spurts were around every 7 seconds lasting around 2 seconds every one, then a spurt every 4/5 seconds lasting around 3.5 seconds and at the end before losing it a 5 seconds lasting spurts one being another.

The good part of wearing a dress it's that I only wet the front part of my dress and as the fabric was too light and thin it dried fast.

