Really need to tinkle again

Author: KateWalsh

*000*2025-12-05 03:05

I have to go potty very urgently again. I’m so desperate I kept putting off going despite my need because I figured I could hold on as I finished meal prepping for the week abd cleaning up the kitchen.

But I was in the middle of putting stuff back in the fridge and washing a couple dishes when I realized something……I was in the middle of doing a huge pre dance, I clearly wasn’t even conscious of. My revelation occurred as I looked down and saw the dance happening my left leg was lifted and bent at the knee and I kept doing this and shifting from side to side and leaning forward with my ass up against the counter,

I tried to continue on meal prepping. But I couldn’t bear how urgent I was. I made it to the bathroom ripped my shorts and undies down, pee danced some more and with my pussy exposed I felt like I was gonna Leak on the floor so I quickly bent over and used both hands to hold my naked pussy and dance. “Ohh I have to pee soooo bad” I cried as I and the dance, I tried to stay dry but I knew I had to leak “oh I feel like I’m gonna leak, oh I just did a little unto my hand, oh man I have to go”

Just then I hear my cat scratching and clawing at my door, didn’t wanna draw attention to my Roomate downstairs do despair the fact that I was seconds away from having an accident on the tile floor I used my strength to. Clench my muscles, I just had to walk to the door, let the cat in, lock it and come back ro the restroom and I’d get releif.

Anyway I also stated getting turned ok thinking about how desperate I am, then I came on here and welp, I’m so turned on I still haven’t released any of that bursting pee.

I definitely need to soon tho!!

*004*2025-12-05 09:09

I held it for an hour or so longer since I last posted And then I absolutely couldn’t wait anymore. Usually I’ll take my time even if I have to go desperately ill gush or hiss heavily for a long time.

But this time I was so full and my piss was under so much pressure I dance uncontrollably as I made my way to the bathroom, grabbed the wife rimmed vase and quickly thro my panties and shorts down. “Ohhh my god I have too pee, holy shit I have to pee so badly” I said aloud to myself and I squeezed my vag with my hand and pee danced

I quickly lifted the toilet seat out the chest jar under my bursting pussy and as soon as the glass got my lips I fe JJrbrye warm pee explode outta me. “Oh god I’m already going”, the problem was I wasn’t in my sitting on the toilet porcelain rim holding the glass container under me, as if I was pottying normally.

I was in Like a standing half squat as my flood contoured to hiss loudly in the case. “Uhhhhh” of cites I was sighing so relieved to finally urinate

I decided instead of sitting I’d stay standing like this legs standing the toilet big vase under my poor aching pussy. I decided to stand bend over so my vagina and pee hole were facing the back of me up in the air. I knew it was gonna get messy on my booty sininfhekd as far back as I could as u squatted slightly stood Bent I finally fully let it all go. “AHHHHHH OH MY GOD. OH MAN INHAD TO PEE SO BAD” my pussy was like a guy see I’d push a gushing stream and instantly need to again. So I’d push out another. It got to the point where I realized I was so full I wanted to power pee to really get relief . And I pushed really hard and exploded hissy power streams into the vase. I’d push hard, sigh as I pushed a power jet and heard it hiss into the glass but I got tired by the end. I did another really huge eone. Filled the vase 3/4 if the way. No wonder I needed a power pee

