The first one - private callgirl omorashi

Author: kain18

*000*2026-01-22 23:01

(I don't want to know what's going on in Davos right now - But this is my own little version of that. hah)

Yesterday, I made arrangements with a girl (25yo) to meet up for a private session.

In Germany there's a platform called "markt.de" that operates like a virtual flea market - allowing private persons to offer sexual services.

So i was in Kassel today and wanted to pay €150 for a 1 Hour playdate, which was scheduled for 3 pm (UTC+1).

Via Chat she already knew, that i wanted a really full bladder, which turns me on the most.

Unfortunately because of the traffic I didn't arrive until 3:27pm.

She already told me right away that she needed to use the bathroom when i finally entered the door. But I was sceptical about that.

We had then agreed on that I needed to get close to climaxing, before she could relieve herself.

So i gave her the payment and we started the timer for one hour.

We started with some initial small talk and I observed her movements closely. Nothing conspicuous so far.

Around 18 minutes in, she told me that she was really feeling the urge to go now and asked me if we could adjust the agreement.

She wanted to release now and give me the handjob later. Since we still had plenty time left on the clock, I politely explained that I wanted to stick to the original plan.

Then I asked her if she could hold out just a little longer, and she agreed to five more minutes.

To help pass the time (and let her forget about it), I suggested giving her a foot massage.

She accepted, so I sat on the floor while she rested on the couch.

I started with gentle pressure and gradually increased it. She seemed to enjoy it and even asked me if I was a professional. hah'

During the massage, she shared a bit about her life. Unfortunately, the signs I had really expected were too subtle for me, also she barly mentioned how urgent it was for her.

(except the obvious one to try and change the rules)

So I found myself wondering if I was misreading the situation. Yeah... Maybe! But I wanted to have some more proofs.

For my defense, she was still a stranger to me. But every little clue hardened my cock and anticipation.

Yeah.. I should admit to have trust issues at this point - but also i would not dare to ask her about her bladder situation..

I mean her Belly was pretty swollen, but my excitement was still not matching.

So I simply wanted to delay the moment of truth for as long as possible. I'd told myself I would only find out by the amount she pees.

At least she was also sitting on the couch with her legs pressed together and only wearing a pair of panties which I brought with me.

There was also a brief discussion at one point, where she said that something was about to happen when she is not going.

I simply replied that it would be nice if even just a little bit ended up in the panties. But she didn't elaborate on that further.

Viewed in retrospect the signs were there - but I still played time. Already massaged the last foot for mutch longer then the first one, when she suddenly seemed finishing talking.

At this point there were like 20 minutes left so I agreed on changing to the bathroom.

Even there, I tried to buy some time, tried to find a comfortable position on the bathroom floor, even allowed myself to ask her for a pillow.

I ended up lying on a towel and leaning comfortably with a pillow between my head and the toilet.

Only now can I imagine how awful the sight must have been for her, standing in front of me; seeing the toilet and having to wait another five to ten minutes.

I told her, among other things, that I needed some time to get into the right mood. She was really brave and said to me that I should tell her when she was allowed to pee.

First I told her she could take off her panties now and I briefly smelled them. Only now did I see her pussy for the first time; it was slightly unshaved, but truly delicious.

Then I allowed her to turn around and bend over. Beautifull ass! Also her expectant gaze through her thighs to me. She mentioned again, that the pressure was really there.

But first i had another plan; to set up an bowl on my belly to capure some of her urine, as my storage for her panties. After finally setting everything up we had an litte back and forth.

Because I would not give the needed "go", I finally told her that she should -maybe- just allow herself to let go at some point. But she asked me again if I really meant that.

When I gave her the permission, a stream immediately shot out of her. Within seconds, I was surprised and fell in the highest ecstasy at the same time.

I simply enjoyed the view of the warm juice rushing out, and splashing onto my body.

At first I tried to fill the bowl a bit, but it was more effective to just hold the panties under her stream. It got soaked really quickly. Then I put both aside.

Even after that I still had enough time to get myself a really great orgasm by my own hand and even as my gaze shifted for a short while away from her, while orgasm..

As it returend, she was still peeing for some seconds. There was so much, that i had to admit: this was definitely one of the longest pee recievings ever.

Even the towel underneath was completely soaked. We then showered one after another and got dressed up again.

I told her that it was a really impressive amount. Only now she told me that her bladder was really hurting, and I explained that I really hadn't expected that.

We said our goodbyes and I drove home.

Of course, i was allowed to take back the panties. They were immediately stored in the IKEA bowl, lightly submerged in her urine.

As a perfume lover, I hope an interesting scent develops in them over the next few days.

She was open to me taking pictures. Unfortunately, I didn't make any. I'll ask her next time; maybe I can even share some with you guys.

There are some photos of her (without face) on her official marketplace ad. I'm not sure to be allowed to share.. But I hope you enjoy the panties🙂

((I've spent about five hours writing this text now - I hope it's fun for you to read. After all, it's not my native language and first story. Im grateful for any feedback to help me improve.))

