The time I peed myself outside while walking my dog...

Author: Kamie

*000*2026-03-07 05:30

Hi, so this is something that happened to me likeee 2 years ago or so? Although this post is about that outside session... It all started with an inside session!

One day I wanted to do a hold at home and asked my friend for a number of hours/what time (can't remember exactly, but remember having to hold till midnight)... I said that if I don't make it till that time I'll wet myself outside for her in the future... Well, I was feeling really confident in myself! Usually I am capable of holding 12+ hours easily (My drinking pace is really slow!! I'm bad at forcing myself to drink >_<) so I thought it'd be super easy... I was rly wrong... I started feeling urge after like 4 hours... But kept drinking thinking it's in my head as I always last longer >.< Well... It wasn't. By 6-7 hour mark I was pretty desperate... I lasted around 9 hours total before ending hold in bathtub peeing all over my legs as I couldn't wet with family awake.

So... Because I didn't make it I had to wet myself outside... I remember that it was not tooo cold but not too hot outside at the time I live near lil area with just grass, bushes so it's no problem for privacy. It was also day after it rained, so I could blame my pants on falling in puddle. I did a hold as usual, but this time aiming to make it till early morning (5-6am) so I can go on a weekend walk with my puppy while being desperate, before people go to work and it's still not too bright outside. I was waiting, filling up more and more. Eventually I reached point where I'm like, as full as I've ever been but usually gave in after it.

But this time I decided to make myself go beyond that so I have a genuine 0 chance of making it home dry when I finally go out... Well, I asked my friend for how much longer I should hold it... I'm pretty sure she said 1 hour, I was expecting 30 minutes at most but decided to give my best shot. By half hour mark I was starting to have to constantly pace around my room/sit down and up... Keep in mind each minute was pushing me more and more into unknown territory. The last 15 minutes was especially worst, I couldn't focus on ANYTHING but holding it and time passage... 3 minutes felt like 15 minutes, it was crazy.

Eventually time ran out and I could go out. But hey it wasn't that simple, I still had to put all my clothes on as I wanted to make it harder for myself to leave. I lut on my red tracksuit pants, shoes, hoodie etc. I made sure to tie my pants tight af to oress my bladder tight. I also double knotted them so I can't untie them quick with my dog's leash in my hand. Each step wearing them made me feel my bladder. I took my dog, as an excuse for walking out so early, and went for a walk. When I first felt the outside air, it felt so amazing. So wrong yet so right... Knowing that I shouldn't be walking out with my bladder this full yet still doing it!

I could feel the pressure being put on my bladder with each step. I tried to stand still to see if it'd make it easier to hold, but it made it way harder. I just had to get to the bushy path (1 min walk) and I knew that as long as I keep walking I won't pee myself. I managed to make it to the path, sauirming along the way. Then... Disaster struck. My puppy stopped to do it's thing... And uh... My bladder did not like standing still. I couldn't hold it in anymore and it all forced itself out, it felt embarassing but amazing! I then went back home, without meeting a soul on the way back :3

I made a video, but it's bad quality and I'm not as comfy sharing. Keep in mind I also made sure to preplan everything perfectly so I don't involve any people in my fetish ✌️hope you enjoyed my experience ^^

