I wet myself doing milovana challange today

Author: kawaiimi

*000*2026-03-11 15:24

As the title says I had a bit of an accident today while playing Omorashi Desperation Challange by Mycall on Milovana (link for anyone interested

%https://milovana.com/webteases/showtease.php?id=58190

It's my first time writing here and english is not my 1st language so bear with me haha (Warning! There's a lil bit of spoilers to the tasks in this challange ahead)

I started playing after I have already drank a nice cup of warm herbal tea so I didn't feel desperate at all. I drank a glass of water as instructed and my first task was to listen to some omo hypno which was supposed to make me leak. Unfortunately nothing came out yet because I had to little liquids in me. During the hypno I wanted to speed up the filling process so I drank half of a small can of energy drink for the caffeine to start working 😁. Next was another glass and a 2nd task which was to play chess online. However there's a forfeit for every time you loose a piece and I picked the option to take a sip every time that happened. Since I'm not good at chess at all I had to take a sip thirteeen times! But the game ended with a draw 😎 I was beggining to feel the need to go and started potty dance at this point too. 

Next up was another glass of water, so about 2 litre in (!!) which I honestly didn't know I was able to drink in such a short time without feeling nauseous, so bonus points to the creator for making the game doable 😉 Third task required me to play connect 4, which at first went quite well because I kept playing on 'easy' mode. The forfeit on this one was to leak a little bit every time I failed. Initially I had to leak only 2 times and I managed to let out the smallest amounts, barely anything out. At this point around 5 minutes have passed from the 15 minute timer and I decided to make it a little harder for myself, so after another 3 consecutive wins on 'easy' difficulty I changed the option to 'medium' which made everything go downhill (in a good way 😝).

As you'd expect, with my bladder now filling really fast because of all this water I drank it was becoming much harder to focus so I failed and had to leak almost every other game. With 3 minutes to go I thought that since my panties were already so wet I might as well wet them some more lol and changed the difficulty to 'hard'. Now my panties became wetter with every single game since thinking was even harder with all the liquid filling me so fast. At this point I still had the strengh to stop the stream while leaking but the last leak was much bigger than the other ones 🤭. By the end of the task my panties were thoroughly soaked 😊. 

I drank another glass of water and then did some physical excercises tasks. I passed those with flying colours but I was becoming VERY VERY VERY desperate now, even holding myself didn't help. All I managed to do was start the last task which told me to put on clothespins on my nipples and that's when all of the water hit me AT ONCE. I couldn't even squirm at this point, I just bent down, put my hands in my crotch and stood still trying not to leak. I tried to read the rest of what I had to do during the task but suddenly the dam broke! I burst out violently and tried to clench my peehole so hard, but to no avail!

My already wet panties could not hold the amount of pee that was coming out of my absolutely full bladder, so I made quite a big puddle on the floor while trying to regain control and catch it with my hands and wet wipes of all things, because I forgot to bring a towel to my room lol. I managed to rush to the toilet after like 15 seconds, still heavily leaking, leaving a wet trail on the floor (which I did not intend to do strating the challange at all! I actually planned on wetting myself standing in the shower if it came to that, but as you can see I failed miserably 😅) 

Anyway I sat on the toilet with my wet panties still on and let about half of the pee out with a nice strong stream (I left the rest in to hold for later 😉). At that point my flatmates were about to come home so I had to be real quick with cleaning everything up and unfortunately didn't have time for some 'fun' afterwards. It was an amazing experience tho, I'll definitely come back to that challange in the future but next time I'll remember to bring a towel to my room lol

All in all I gathered 29 points out of 40 that were required to be able to go to pee so I'm going to think of some sort of punishment for myself for breaking the rules, so you can give me some ideas in the comments if you want to 😉

