Double close call !

Author: Kayoo

*000*2026-03-14 01:59

Hello ! me again ^^ today im going to tell you the day me and my girlfriend almost pissed ourselves !

It was few montes ago when that zombie movies came out. whe decided to go àd watch it at the movie theator ! but since we didnt remember the first "28 years later" we decided to take a late session so we can watch the first at home ! so the movie was at 9pm and we watched the first around 5pm. we took some snacks and some drinks. after the first one we chilled around at my place before living with my car to the movie. at the movie she begged me to buy some drinks and food (again..) so i did it to make her happy. we waited half a hour then we were able to enter the room. we took places and the movie started right after

First half of the movie was soft but i started to feel desperate, i had to move a lot on my seat to feel confortable. on the other hand my girlfriend couldnt stop moving her legs, she already had finish her drinks and i think it had its way through her bladder too. around 15/ 20 minutes later i felt like my bladder was already full, i had to grab my crotch occasionally to be more confortable. my girlfriend was also grabbing her crotch but she always was. she was also moving her legs maybe to close her pee hole even more. we were both desperates.

The last 20 minutes were the worst, i was holding my dick and had to undo my belt because it was pushing too much on my bladder. i had to pee RIGHT NOW. on the other hand my girlfriend had undo her belt and was holding herself IN the pants ! she was absolutely bursting and i was too !

At the end of the movie, we stood up and started to do a pee dance because the persons next to us were so fucking slow ! outside the movie room we ran to the bathrooms to finally releave ourselves.

Now i gotta explain, i our cinema, there is two kinds of bathrooms one is the basic public one, wich is a large door that have 4 stalls of bathrooms for women and same for men with 3 mâle toilets (urinoirs in french) and the other is far away from the movie rooms and its a one toilet bathroom wich usually have a lot of queue. now that is said, the plot twist :

The first kind of bathroom were closed.

I looked at my girlfirend and told her what we should do. she said pee at home, i was scared because qhe have a larger bladder than me, so she would not have issue to do that eventually but not me.. but i agreed because i didnt want to pee dance in front of everyone..

So we went to my car and went home. on the way back i had to hold my dick to not pee myself, wich was hard knowing i had to drive, she was also holding her crotch and moving her legs as fast as i never saw. i could have tell that she was 5s away to pee herself..

Of course because we were desperate, all the red light tried to make us pee ourselves, and they almost succeed ! one made me leak ! i was so panicked, i was also hearing my girlfriend repeating "oh god i have to pee so bad, im going to piss myself, ohh" again and again.

When whe finally arrived home, i had to make her grab my keys in my pocket because i could feel my pee in my dick, if i wasnt grabbing myself with two hands i would have pee myself in front of the door ! when she took it, she made a huge pee dance as she put the Keys in the lock, she opened the door and said "go first i can handle it" i ran, opened the bathroom, leaked again, i panicked, i tried to open my belt, i faire, i leaked again, i heard my girl friend running in my back and said "so ? " i use the zip of my pants and took out my dick from here, as it was out, a litteraly torrent of pee went out hitting the toilet as i moaned "ohh my god".

I looked at my girl friend as i was pissing, she was totaly naked from the foot to the belly and she was pee dancing like crazy as she was grabbing her crotch.. " hurry hurry hurry !" she said as she started to pee on the floor, i said "go" and let her some space, she sat at the toilet àd started to go full strengh in the toilet. she was releasing a crazy amont of pee, we peed for like almost 2 minutes, i stopped first, putted back my wet pants, i had a wrt spot as big as a soccer ball. she finished, and we kissed. i had a huge erections to be honest. we went to her pant and her panties and it was also wet, but less. after that, we had a really great time in the bed ^^

Ffirst time i see her that desperate (except once but i will be for another time 😉 )

Thanks for ready that much, hope u liked it, im not usually talking about my struggles, but if you like it i might do it more often maybe !

*002*2026-03-14 02:04

{{1 minute ago, wetem797779 said:

Putain, ça a l'air génial mec ! Merci du partage !

}}

Pleasure is mine ^^

