Wait. Cold makes you have to pee?

Author: Kiddchaos

*000*2026-03-13 21:44

As my previous post eluded to, I've been trying some slower, less intentional desperation experiences. Had such a fun time with this one and look forward to more.

I was planning on picking up a sewing machine for my wife after work. She has trouble finding clothes that fit well at her height and wanted to be able to hem her pants easily. I found an older Singer Zig Zag 648 model available on marketplace and decided to purchase. The issue was, the seller couldn't be there to make the exchange. They gave me a Venmo account and an address to pickup from with a vague warning that a crew may be working there depending on when I arrived. I put together this was probably a renovation / rental situation and figured it'd be safe.

I decided to make the trip interesting by limiting myself to holding until I got home. Around 3pm I had my last bathroom break and felt like a drink was needed as my throat has been scratchy with the recent weather changes. Had two 16 ounce (~473ml) glasses of water while working and quickly downed a third I didn't finish at a sipping pace while working before leaving at about 5pm. Felt a slight need (2 or 3 maybe?) and headed out thinking I was going to enjoy some pleasant fullness...

Clothes you ask? If you wish...

Snug fitting medium wash jeans, light gray boxer briefs, low top black and white sneakers, blue branded t-shirt.

Got in my car, entered the address into my GPS app of choice then warned the seller I was leaving work and would be there in around 1/2 an hour. I set off. It was a mostly familiar route until I got to the local area. Although I'd spent plenty of time in the area of this home, I'd never been on some of the roads. I made one wrong turn that led to a minor detour though a really pretty area and got back on track. The seller had warned me the road was poorly marked and they were right. Fortunately found the property and saw the machine sitting under the covered porch.

Something important to note, the weather changes drastically in my area recently. We had a 81℉ (~27℃) day on Wednesday and it snowed as I was leaving work. I did not dress for the occasion not expecting such a dramatic shift.

I walk up, inspect the machine and pull out my phone to send payment. I was legitimately dancing from foot to foot while I waited for my phone to load as I had 1 bar of service 😒

I leaked... I'd never leaked before in a setting like this. I was somewhere unfamiliar, still hadn't finished the thing I was doing, needed to get gas before I'd make it home and I felt warm at the tip. Nerves shot up. I started looking to see if there were cameras while I waited, worrying I would wet myself on this porch. Thankfully the crew had left for the day, so at least I only had to worry if it'd been recorded. I saw no cameras and relaxed a bit, but still hung on trying desperately not to leave a puddle here of all places.

My phone loaded, I sent the payment and picked up the machine (its one of those older models built into a table) and pretty quickly shoved it into the back seat of my coupe. Really not the ideal car for this and I felt another leak as I did so. Shut the passenger door, got back into the warm car and my bladder seemed to settle.

I checked for wetness and saw plenty. A wet spot offset to the right side of the front of my jeans about the size of the bottom of a water bottle. Noticeable? Absolutely.

I took a breath to calm my nerves and decided to test my limits. I drove off without directions to get home in a somewhat unfamiliar area. I kept following the road hoping I'd see a familiar road marker to pick up on. Eventually I looked at the map on my phone and realized I was about to head much deeper into not the way home and turned towards familiar territory. I spotted a gas station and decided that was an appropriate spot to fill up and parked. There was a woman across at the next pump that appeared might be in a similar situation as she moved from foot to foot in her leggings. She could've been cold too. Felt like company at the time 😂

As I got out there was an employee (maybe owner) of the station outside sweeping the lot. After the snow? What an odd time for such an activity I thought, the ground was still wet from the melted snow and he was sweeping up trash. Another car pulls into the spot behind and across the pumps from me and a man got out. He went into the store in a very odd pattern, not making his way directly in and the person working followed him in. One person working in the store I noted. Making the best of the situation I avoided contact with both people and started filling my car. The woman got back into her car without incident and drove off. 

I decided now was the safest time to go. I didn't want to wet in the car as I had none of my usual protection in it and hadn't experienced this lack of control before. I relaxed and felt warm again as I flooded myself. I tried to avoid contact with the people headed into the store, but another car pulled into the station. Steam is actively rising from my pants as they are nearly completely soaked as I didn't fight back, knowing the damage was done. The car pulls into the same pump I'm at on the other side as I'm trying to nonchalantly put the pump back in its place. A woman got out and made no indication she was aware of me or my situation and began filling her car. I walked around the back of my car to avoid visual contact and got in.

What a rush, but no direct contact. I drove home, wet myself again in my yard while bringing the sewing machine in and enjoyed reflecting back on this series of events. Hope you did too.

Anyone else experience trouble holding in particular temperatures? Hot or cold.

Anyone have suggestions for what to try next? Maybe a longer hold with less fluid.

